andicola_Cerro Catedral
andicola_Chapelco
andicola_Curacautín
andicola_Qda. Macul
andicola_SM de Los Andes
angusta_Montevideo 1
angusta_Montevideo 2
angusta_Sierra Ventana_1
angusta_Sierra Ventana 2
angusta_Tandil
angusta_Tres Arroyos
appendiculata_Sutton NSW Austra
arauca_Lago Maquehue
arauca_Limarí--ocultos
arauca_Pta. Teatinos L. Serena
bonariensis_Campo Quijaro
bonariensis_Chosmalal Nq
bonariensis_Conhello
bonariensis_La Toma
bonariensis_Monte Hermoso--ocultos
bruchi_Cuesta del Obispo
bruchi_Huanuco
bruchi_ Huma Huaca_1
bruchi_ Huma Huaca_2
bruchi_ Las Placetas
bruchi_Mayinte A Pampa
bruchi_Mayinte A Pampa Jujuy
bulbiscapens_Cumbres La Paz
caprii_Huasi-Catam--ocultos
caprii_Niquiril_1
chilensis_Bariloche
chilensis_Cerro Catedral
chilensis_Kilka Nq
chilensis_Lago Lacar
chilensis_Lago Mascardi
chilensis_SM de Los Andes
chilensis_SM de los Andes_2
chilensis_SM de los Andes_3
chilensis_Techos Chapelco
chilensis_Valle de las moscas_1
chilensis_Valle de las Moscas_2--ocultos
chilensis_Valle de las Moscas_3
chubutensis_ C. Costa
chubutensis_C. Costa Genoa
chubutensis_ Est. Shamian
chubutensis_Río Gallegos
colla_Mina Piquitas_1--ocultos
colla_Mina Piquitas_2
colla_Tulilari--ocultos
coquimbo_Río Seco_1
coquimbo_Río Seco_2
cumelafquen_Lago Fontana
diaguita_Huaca Huasi_1
diaguita_Huaca Huasi_2
erynnis_Cinco Saltos--ausente
erynnis_Lago Pelegrin--ausente
fairchildi_Tincopalea Puno Peru
fornesi_Campo Quijaro_1
fornesi_Campo Quijaro_2
fornesi_Chosmalal
fornesi_Peña Boya
fornesi_Tafi del Valle--ausente
frequens_Limbani
gregaria_Gibba Swep NSW Aust
hepperi_Col. Mackinlay
hepperi_Cop. 10 de Julio--ocultos
hirsuta_Tumbre Antof--ocultos
inata_Belén Arica
inata_Inata Puno Peru
kroeberi_Los Carpitos
kroeberi_Pocos Antof--ocultos
kroeberi_Tumbre--ausente
missionum_Balcarce--ausente
opaca_Chapelco_1--ocultos
opaca_Chapelco_2
opaca_Collón Curo
ornatissima_Uruguau
pallipes_Chaquimil--ausente
pallipes_El Manchado_1
pallipes_El Manchado_2
penai_Belén Arica
penai_Chapiquiña_1
penai_Chapiquiña_2
pereirai dureti_Pucará PN Lanín
pereirai dureti_Puyehue
pereirai pereirai_V. Huemules_2
pereirai pereira_V. Huemules_1
persignata_Col. Mackinlay
pruinivitta_Chapelco
pruinivitta_SM de Los Andes_1
pruinivitta_SM de Los Andes_2
rubricallosa_Neumoea Australia
subtrita_El Manchado_1
subtrita_El Manchado_2
subtrita_El Manchado_3
subtrita_El Manchado_4--ausente
trigonophora_Iguazu
vasta_Miraflores
vasta_Rinconada_1
vasta_Rinconada_2
